so hello everyone swami eddie and many
people asked me to do more
reviews on mods which adds to the game
some objects I mean new houses but
you any facilities and so on i'm
listened to the advice and today we will
interesting modifications which adds
house on mountain month chilled very cool
a house that has a lot of interesting things
so we are on it will not be bored and
Now we will find him here already seen
there so we descend you show the way to
just how to get to his house is very
healthy and straight still do not know much
cozy comfortable so here's the road
there is no automatic gate to this hut
may not please at least something
cool these too automatically and here
mountain to park our car
dear friends and go out and let's we
let 's take a little walk and show you
even the whole house well, this is not starzha tower
would know to climb it probably
let's just go to the hut itself see what
all here are all the items that are in it
fashion in this hut they are taken from
the original game that is it up
watchtower here this whole staircase and
then all of the original game is just of
took it all connected as if nothing
there is no fancy here but all
made very beautifully competently can not
we do not please bison like it also
you can play basketball but I don't know
like basketball I forgot whether the ball should
be something else okay
we will not play softball right there
the helipad is very cool
and that's just how beautiful the view
opens from monk chiliad mountain right
breathtaking before setting the mod very
easy just count two files in
country folder it is in the maps folder
and the map folder is located in the data folder
that is, the root directory of the game like this
Here is the principle of the first balcony right there
greets us
stickman can play yes what it is
poker is okay okay honoring constantly
beat or knew that the script I have
it works badly but you don't seem to
everything must be okay I don't have a peda
stand still moving it
a little crazy but you are fine
i'm sure so go first believed here
on seller meets than sell
hot dogs dopam seller hot dogs and
give it to me too soon
actually attacks the script so not
should he should just stand and
there are vending machines with
chocolate from prank then shaft here
here we just like this computer
I don't have a computer for just an office type
Is there any working table
folder documents are generally all very
cool done so go here
next door here we go up
on the second floor we have a living room
what if the TV is worth later audio system
deer here on the type of eatery table big
on it a bottle of beer okay we go up
the second floor meets a miracle
the weather has become bad yes there is a pool
very cool cool so to here tables
all sorts of brazier is not the sink well and
here is a bunch of just slot machines here
such dandy all sorts of games again tables
but there are no people here at all
he mod gems from she is very cool and
fits well with the atmosphere of the game here
this chili riot so now change
no time almost so damn want
just change the weather like fog
it is my game is not Russified
I remember here everything is super now one more
thing I will do nobody so everything rises
higher up he’s my last
tier of this healthy house
so again countries and there is rocking
we can swing here today
worked enough come back tomorrow
for nonsense I do not know what you knife because
we were too hard to swing for it
since we have muscles at full it on it
from this we can not swing the same
we have a week just such a springboard
before we can jump into the pool
that is up to a cooly cooly okay
rise above look further what is
which is not so go in this door there
nose some stenochka swedish and here
worth another dude who wants to
play billiards
but we will not play billiards yet
oh you nifiga se how much money there
lying around safe safe with weird dollars
so go here this door here with us
type shower stall ok here we have
bedroom battery beautiful view
by the way here if you noticed here above
there are no markers and all the doors
open as gta 4 that is like this
how very cool so activities on
living room well not living room bedroom
very si jetta how healthy
a rich bedroom
home principle yes the house looked and by
my house is really very cool
let's see a bird's eye
the flight to this house and and the mod appeared
relatively recently to him
there is not even a week at the time of release
this video so the mod is fresh and
just mega cool still like this
arranged very cool on the slope
chiliad mountains
and just open beautiful scenery
on the strung forest there on the mountains still on
road notes on those who have what
drawing stands principle here such here
big hut there tap dance that for flank
so okay here people are still sitting below
okay dear friends look at this
wonderful mod to add objects
gta with VAT and that is so not
I got off on it
wonderful bridge that people down
got fucking fucking this suicide well
ok everyone thanks for watching myself was
hey where download this mod installation
lighter heart said two files
estimate and all your mod and just everything
very cool car there is parking for
cars from such a watchtower so
in this house everything is not even at home
mansion in my okay is not enough yet
security on the limousines there clap everything everyone
bye, good luck
name go don't miss para -pam-pam